Blob Web, or "The Corporate Big Tech Artstyle," is a minimalist visual aesthetic. Taking Minimal and blending it with shades of Corporate, this artstyle aims to create visuals that are easy to mass produce and utilize for commercial purposes. Blob Web dates back to the early 2010s, when gradient-based Frutiger Aero logos began to disappear for cleaner looks. A illustrative style called "Alegria" was developed by media agency Buck for Facebook in 2017. Today, it is seen in various websites, advertisements, logos, and even computer interfaces. As a result, there has been a growing awareness for this minimalist look, with internet users complaining about the monotony and oversaturation of the style. .Blob Web heavily utilizes basic Color Theory; the main four colors generally tend to be red, blue, green and yellow (sometimes pink or purple is used aswell). Common body proportions tend to be small heads with big torsos and/or long, bending legs. Facial features vary, with some designs having none, to having only a mouth, or to also have eyes and noses. One thing Blob Web can be given credit for is the diversity; with people of various races and ethnicities being represented positively. .One popular video that discusses Blob Web is Solar Sands, a YouTuber who mainly talks about art phenomenons. In it, he goes into depth on why people may be jaded from the style, and explains the possible origins. The video can be seen here. .3D Blob Web is the 3D equivalent to the standard 2D Blob Web style. Like regular Blob Web, character designs vary from commercial to commercial, though it still follows the Color Theory and unusual body shape aspects from above. A weird fad with 3D Blob Web is just how many of them involve characters dancing. From Kroger, to Chips Ahoy, to Grubhub, 3D Blob Web commercials have been associated with characters dancing to whatever deals the commercial is selling to the potential consumer. This has especially become a topic of scrutiny in recent years, with Reddit boards such as r/CommercialsIHate popping up in response (though, live-action commercials are equally as mocked)..