Classicism, in the arts, refers generally to a high regard for a classical period, classical antiquity in the Western tradition, as setting standards for taste which the classicists seek to emulate. The art of classicism typically seeks to be formal and restrained. It is a specific genre of philosophy, expressing itself in literature, architecture, art, and music, which has Ancient Greek and Roman sources and an emphasis on society.In some situations, classicism can be politicized by white nationalists with the intention of creating an impression of "Western culture" from many diverse cultures. This can then be portrayed as "what we [the white race] are protecting," an ahistorical medley of very different "white" cultures. (Source.) Note that while this may be difficult to distinguish from legitimate cultural study in some cases, that is the purpose of such politicization; it prevents everyone from immediately seeing through the veil of cryptofascism. This by no means forms the majority of the classicist aesthetic, however (and thankfully).For the modern reinterpretation of classicism based on mythology, see Hellenic.......Renaissance art was primarily produced in Italy; in particular, the cities of Florence, Venice, and Rome. This movement lasted from roughly 1300-1600, though it wasn’t quite a distinct art style until the late 1400s. Secularism and an interest in the Classical past were highly influential to this art style. Renaissance art is characterized by symmetry, a linear perspective (which better represented the world), the use of space, accurate depiction of detail (naturalism), and the effect of light.. 	 	 	 		 		 		 			The American Capitol building is an example of how a nation would want to use classicism to express a political statement. 		 	 Neoclassicism was a Western cultural movement in the decorative and visual arts, literature, theatre, music, and architecture that drew inspiration from the art and culture of classical antiquity. Neoclassical art was traditional and new, historical and modern, conservative and progressive all at the same time..While followers of the aesthetic tend to prize white marble, which influenced the Renaissance to Neoclassical movements, scientific analysis and primary sources of the time revealed that the Greeks and Romans actually painted their sculptures, often in colors that modern viewers would find unappealing. Despite this new information, fans of the classical aesthetic do not include painted marble in their photographs or moodboards, and instead focus more on works from the later artistic movements. ..Odyssey  by Homer.The Iliad by Homer.Symposium by PlatoCorpus Aristotelicum by Aristotle...