Cyber minimalism is characterized by sleek, smooth, simplistic, and organized technological design and function. The user interfaces are ideally created with multiple accessibility functions to aid user experience, such as easily readable fonts, high contrast/dark mode options, and rounded shapes to reduce visual load. Many websites, software, and electronics by corporations in the late 2010s to 2020s have these elements, such as Google, Discord, Twitter, Apple, etc. Cyber minimalism is slightly inspired by Android societal elements in the video game Detroit: Become Human.It is not necessarily futuristic or utopian, such as in Cyberprep, but it can be. It also doesn't have to be tied to corporatism or businesses. The primary focus is the minimal distraction, ease of access, and streamlined processes of technology..As mentioned above, the visuals of cyber minimalism are intended to reduce visual load and increase accessibility. This also entails limited color palettes with low to medium-high saturation accent colors to minimalize eye strain. Cyber minimalism usually avoids earth tones. Blue and white is a commonly used color combination in this aesthetic due to its clean and fresh feeling and prevalent use in web design. Easily decypherable icons are also common..Cyber minimalist fashion often overlaps with minimalist fashion with its smooth fabrics and limited colors, however cyber minimalism has less excess material and fits closer to the body. It is not tight to the body, but it has less bagginess than some minimalist fashion. It tends to not have patterned or textured fabric, but it is acceptable in moderation. There are few accessories as well, usually gold, silver, or black, fitting in with the minimalist fashion. .Music that relates to cyber minimalism has light synths, smooth song structure, and is easily listened to. There is not often heavy bass, and harsh or loud noises are not present at all. It may or may not have lyrics..The Spectrum RetreatMini MotorwaysControlDetroit: Become Human.