Dual Kawaii (formerly Karasu No Bara) mainly revolves around the feeling of being lost or trapped in the world, feeling tired and dull constantly, a general sense of hopelessness, being dissatisfied with how the world works, and wanting to feel apathy because too many thoughts and feelings have occurred. There is, however, a more optimistic side. It combines self-care, sensitivity, and charm into one aesthetic. It is both pessimistic and optimistic. This aesthetic is a form of healing, trying to find one's self, accept both sides of themselves and come to terms with who they really are. The aesthetic can also reflect the dual and, often contradiction, of visual taste between light and dark. This can apply to many variations of aesthetics but is mainly centered around the ones listed.   .Dual Kawaii is an aesthetic created/identified by Pinterest user @starberrymilkshake on Pinterest..Taking on a blend of black and pink cuteness. It reflects two split personalities and feeling pulled between both; one cute and peppy, one dark and pessimistic. It also consists of self-care mottos and cute designs. It conveys a sense of balance, acceptance of both sides of themselves and an appreciation for both happy and sad things. There are two sides to this aesthetic; a darker, lost sense (which is more edgy), and a lighter side with pastels, cute styles, and a more happy, peaceful sense. .The clothing style of Dual Kawaii is open to interpretation, with elements of pink, black, white, and cute motifs, with sayings like 'I am not who I seem to be’. Examples of clothing include:Chokers and other accessoriesPleated skirtsColourful socks and stockings (eg. fishnets)Babydoll dressesLace-up boots and heelsJeans.External links to help get a better understanding of this aesthetic..Dual Kawaii aesthetic by ~bloodandpetals~ (official)my two personalities~♡ by Pretty_ødd |-/My two personality’s by TobyTVyotud u a l k a w a i i " f o r y o u w h o ' s s t r u g g l i n g " by grayDual Kawaii by Lady Hydra.