Warning: Mature content is involved in this page! Read, but do this at your own risk.E-girl, an abbreviation of electronic girl, is a type of feminine alternative aesthetic similar to Pastel Goth and Plant Mom. Although the term E-Girl was coined to describe a type of girl who uses the TikTok app, the e-girl aesthetic dates back to early to mid-2010s Tumblr..The first entry for "egirl" on Urban Dictionary was posted in June 2009. The e-girl aesthetic and subculture became more popular in 2019. .An E-Girl usually wants to show off a persona of being geeky yet sexy while also being slightly dark. This often manifests itself through interests in anime/manga, video games, Japanese fashion and music, nu-metal, and lingerie.Other common trends for a 2020 E-Girl include:Pigtails with two thin strands of hair left out parted in the middle, similar to Harley Quinn's hair in the 2016 film Suicide Squad, or two front hairpieces dyed in a different color than the rest of the hair. Other hairstyles such as bangs, twintails, space buns and split-dye hair are popular as well.Wearing large, bold winged eyeliner along with blush on the nose, dark lipstick, and small doodles beneath the eye such as a heart or star.Striped shirts and fishnets beneath ripped jeansThe Ahegao face, whether it's re-enacting the face or wearing it on clothes as a pattern..E-Girl fashion takes inspiration from Emo, Scene, Goth, Grunge, and anime. They also tend to wear their geekiness on their sleeves and will either wear clothing showing off this geeky side, if not getting into outright Cosplay with some of their fashion choices.  Make-up wise, many E-Girls will often draw on freckles, put heavy amounts of blush on the bridge of their nose or their upper cheeks, draw wings on the corners of their eyes with eyeliner, and otherwise have an over-the-top look to them. (Tend to be oversexualized.).They often do what is called cosplay (dressing up as an anime character) for conventions and outings. They generally drink something called "Monster" which is a very energetic drink, sweet and not very good for the body if abused.They tend to stay with each other and not with people of other styles sometimes. They love to watch animes and read mangas, that’s a passion for all. A lot of them are also gamers, and can even be streamers sometimes..External links to help get a better understanding of this aesthetic..NFT - Egirl Capital.Mysweetoutfit E-Girl StoreOrezoria E-Girl ShopSoft Girl Outfits.⚡AESTHETIC: e-girl vibes by Chaotic Goode-girl songs Spotify playlist by abstarzyE-Girly season 🧚🏼‍♀️🖤☠️ Spotify playlist by genevieve.mrvane-girl tiktok songs Spotify playlist by mary carolinee girl vibes / 2019 tiktok Spotify playlist by Bella Comelliniog e girl anthems Spotify playlist by zeldymusice-girl shit Spotify playlist by Bug CundiffF*ck With a Witch Spotify playlist by.E-Girl Gothcore by LadyE-Girl/Aesthetic Makeup/Style by Princess Unatainabelle 224Gamer ~ E-girl Aesthetic ⭐️ by west emE-Girls by Hannah Banana 🏳️‍🌈.