Gothcore is an aesthetic that involves the themes and characteristics of the goth aesthetic with the metalcore aesthetic dashed in. Gothcore is a fusion of gothic rock (or gothic metal) and hardcore punk (or metalcore). Bands may have typical metalcore vocals, metalcore guitar structure with breakdowns, drumming implementing tribal and blast beats, mixed with gothic rock/post-punk inspired clean vocals, and gothic rock style synth lines..Black clothing mainly, followed by gothic jewelry accessories, if the person decides to use them. 	 	 	 		 		 		 	 .Gothcore fashion takes the goth fashion and combines it with the metalcore looks. Black skinny jeans and black t-shirt at the simplest of clothing choices. Optionally pale makeup and blacked out eyes or eyeliner are worn. For a female look, Misa Amane and for males Ryuk the shinigami from Death Note are figures inspiration for a gothcore look. Goth, but make it modern.A few examples are:combinations with fishnets, corsets, lace, chains and gloves,gothic band-themed t-shirts or just regular goth-inspired t-shirts,platform shoescollars, lace chokers, spike necklacesPVC/Vinyl ClothingDarkened Eyemakeup.The blend of influences from goth bands such as Bauhaus, Siouxsie & The Banshees, and Christian Death with the hardcore punk bands like Black Flag, The Germs, Extreme Noise Terror, as well as metalcore bands like Bleeding Through and It Dies Today. The sounds of the music is a crossover of dark post punk, dark post hardcore and dark metal. Some bands incorporate darkwave and industrial influences as well. Key structures of the songs incorporate breakdowns to the structure of the Gothic Metal influenced sounds. The simple concept is Goth(ic)-(Metal)-Core.Bands that influenced or have the sounds of gothcore:AFI (pre-"Sing the Sorrow")(Early) AtreyuThe BannerBleeding ThroughSamhainMighty SphincterOld WoundsShe Past AwayRx27Christian Death. 	 	 	 		 		 		 	 The Crow (1994)The Lost Boys (1987)Fight Club (1999)Franklyn (2008)Beetlejuice (1988)The Fall (2006)Sleepy Hollow (1999)The Addams Family (1991)The Silence of the Lambs (1991).