Trigger Warning: This aesthetic has potential to touch on dark subject matter, including real-world murder and acts of violence. If this bothers you or could result in mental strain, please consider reading a different page.Horror is a genre of speculative fiction that is intended to frighten, scare, disgust, or startle its readers by inducing feelings of horror and terror. Literary historian J. A. Cuddon defined the horror story as "a piece of fiction in prose of variable length which shocks, or even frightens the reader, or perhaps induces a feeling of repulsion or loathing". It creates an eerie and frightening atmosphere. Horror is frequently supernatural, though it might be non-supernatural. Often the central menace of a work of horror fiction can be interpreted as a metaphor for the larger fears of a society..Horror aesthetic visuals are designed to achieve some sort of element of discomfort, fear, disgust, or any sort of imagery that can trigger the "fight or flight" response people naturally have. This differs from the Halloween visual aesthetic because Halloween imagery tends to be sillier with its handling of macabre imagery, thus not being taken as seriously as it could when it's played straight in the Horror aesthetic. .Graphic T-shirtsHoodies / JacketsThigh-High SocksFishnet StockingsBoots, Sneakers, Or any shoe you see fitBodycon Dresses & SkirtsKnee-High socksMaskFake BloodHeavy MakeupDistressed Shorts & JeansPleated SkirtsAny Dark ClothingStriped Shirts (long sleeve or short sleeve)Oversized SweatersChokers (optional)Chains, Buckles, and Harnesses..Horror has had a rich tradition of existence dating back to the beginning of the written word, but writers such as Edgar Allen Poe, Bram Stoker, Mary Shelley, and H.P. Lovecraft have used this fear to craft rich literary works that chilled us to the core even before the invention of film. They expertly strung together words to paint dark, macabre imagery for the reader to envision in their heads, whether it was a small, personal scale descent into psychosis or having the entire vast, uncaring nature of the universe exposed to you all at once and driving you absolutely mad in the process..Horror films are films that seek to elicit fear for entertainment purposes. Initially inspired by literature from authors like Edgar Allan Poe, Bram Stoker, and Mary Shelley, horror has existed as a film genre for more than a century. The macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes. Horror may also overlap with the fantasy, supernatural fiction, and thriller genres.Horror films often aim to evoke viewers' nightmares, fears, revulsion, and terror of the unknown. Plots within the horror genre often involve the intrusion of an evil force, event, or personage into the everyday world. Prevalent elements include ghosts, extraterrestrials, vampires, werewolves, demons, Satanism, evil clowns, gore, torture, vicious animals, evil witches, monsters, giant monsters, zombies, cannibalism, psychopaths, natural, ecological, or man-made disasters, and serial killers..Dead by daylightSilent HillAmnesiaOutlastResident evil 1-5Until dawnThe evil withinObserverSlenderman: The eight pagesFriday the 13thVisageDarkwood.Horrorcore is a subgenre of Hip-Hop music based on horror-themed and often darkly transgressive lyrical content and imagery. Its origins derived from certain hardcore hip-hop and gangster rap artists, such as the Ghetto Boys, which began to incorporate supernatural, occult, or psychological horror themes into their lyrics.Outside of that, a lot of horror music is mostly tense and orchestral by design, with some examples of it bleeding into the world of Rock and Metal. A lot of horror metal music will delve more into the realm of True Crime or the horrors of war, though some horror-based metal will draw upon classic works of horror literature...Under Construction.The Slasher is dedicated to all of the Slasher movie idols that have been appearing in film since the 1970s exploitation cinema era. While some Slashers predate the era (namely Leatherface from The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and Michael Myers from the Halloween films), most of the Slasher icons came about from the 1980s, no doubt inspired by the Reagan era of politics. Characters such as Freddy Krueger, Jason Voorhees, and the Chucky Doll came about from this period, but examples of modern Slasher icons include Ghostface (from the Scream series) and John "Jigsaw" Kramer (from Saw)..The Universal Monster is dedicated to the horror films released from 1925 (back in the Silent Film era) all the way into the 1950s that frightened audiences of the time but nowadays is largely seen as kitschy and silly (which this shift began in the late 1940s). It is named the "Universal Monster" aesthetic because Universal Studios were the ones who released these classic movies, though there was an attempt to modernize the concept for the modern era with the "Dark Universe" (starting with 2014's Dracula Untold) which was an attempt to use the Universal Movie Monsters to create something similar to the Marvel Cinematic Universe..Lovecraftian is a subgenre of horror fiction that emphasizes the cosmic horror of the unknown more than gore or shock. It is named after American author H. P. Lovecraft. Cosmic horror is defined as a horror story designed to highlight just how small and insignificant we humans are in the grand scheme of the universe. The most popular figure in Lovecraftian horror is Cthulhu. For more information of Lovecraftian horror, please check out The H.P. Lovecraft Wiki..Under Construction.True Crime Horror has a strong focus on real-world crimes committed, with a strong focus on murder (especially serial killers). This particular aspect of the Horror aesthetic can be particularly controversial because it leads to some individuals glorifying actual murderers like Ted Bundy, Eric Harris & Dylan Klebold (the perpetrators of the infamous Columbine shootings), and Elliot Rodgers..Mascot Horror is focused around the idea of taking children's mascots and subverting the initial purpose of them by turning them into killers. The concept has been around for many years, but the most popular example of this in action is the Five Nights at Freddy's franchise..Creepypastas are a type of copypasta, a large block of text that gets copy and pasted around the web. Copypastas usually focus on being funny, but creepypastas focus on being creepy, hence the name. A lot of them are written to be a believable folk tale, ranging from slasher like murders and creatures to even lost and/or haunted video games and TV shows..