Kawaii Gamer is a version of Kawaii that is popular amongst gamers, Twitch streamers, and anime fans, particularly ones who use TikTok and are Gen Z. It also was influenced by E-Girl culture and Lo-Fi, aesthetics that rose around 2020. This differs from other forms of Kawaii in that it contains specific merchandise, room decor, and fashion trends that are more aligned with the Western interpretation of Japan and Korea and show an increased globalization as different media reach a larger audience. The objects common in the aesthetic are incredibly replicated, and multiple TikToks are dedicated to showing the set-ups of a Kawaii gamer. While the aesthetic requires a large quantity of merchandise (as maximalism is common), it is more accessible and casual than J-Fashions that were more popular in the past due to the rise of Kawaii culture globally and commercialization. .This page is under constructionOne notable influence on this aesthetic is the E-Girl, who was also influenced by Kawaii culture but involved more black, Scene culture, and sexual imagery. Some make-up and fashion trends, such as tennis skirts, heavy blush, and long dyed hair (often in wigs), continued. .Of course, kawaii gamers tend to show their love for both their passions through combining the two. Technology for gaming in pink and white accents, such as PCs, Nintendo DS, and Switches are the most shown photo subject and is most representative of this interpretation of kawaii. Customized keyboards with decorative keys in multiple colors are one of the entry points into the aesthetic due to their accessibility and variety of models and key caps, such as glowing lights, paw prints, and different colors and fonts for the display. Displays on computer home pages and social media are also important to the aesthetic. Admirers of the aesthetic customize backgrounds of PCs, social media icons and headers, and phone lock screens to fan art of their favorite characters, kawaii art, abstract drawings in pastels, etc.  Certain products are iconic and highly sought-after in this community. One of them being the Autofull pink gaming chair with attached bunny ears and a tail, which was popularized by Twitch streamers and gaming YouTubers. Another are cat-ear headphones, which are an example of connecting the Erokawa trope of the anime catgirl with technology. Building off on the inclusion of catgirls, anime girls and women who display cuteness are extremely popular, especially Nezuko Kamado from Demon Slayer, Sailor Moon, and Chika Fujiwara from Kaguya-sama: Love Is War. In addition to anime characters, mascots are constantly replicated in merchandise created by popular franchises such as Sanrio and Pokémon. Plushies, themed snacks, mouse pads, stationery, etc. of characters such as Pikachu, My Melody, and Hello Kitty clutter the desks of many kawaii enthusiasts, and having affection for a certain mascot is encouraged. .This section describes the media that Kawaii Gamers interact with, rather than there being this type of aesthetic within the media. .My Hero Academia (2016).Osu! (2007).Chiaki Nanami (Danganronpa 2).This section includes female content creators who have this aesthetic. VTubers, which are real people who use anime avatars instead of showing their face, are also included. .The music associated with the aesthetic tends to be in the Vocaloid, video game soundtrack, chiptune, Otacore and kawaii Lo-fi genres. These are often cheerful sounding, with electronic beats and sound clips of extremely feminine-voiced women exclaiming something in Japanese. In addition, some people who admire this aesthetic may be connected with Hallyu and be K-Pop fans. .Moe Shop.