Kinderwhore was a clothing style worn by a handful of mostly female grunge bands in the US during the early to mid-1990s.The exact origin of the clothing style is uncertain. It is believed that Kat Bjelland from the band Babes in Toyland was the first to wear and define the look, while her former roommate Courtney Love from the band HOLE was the first to popularize it.Courtney Love, who popularized kinderwhore, commented in 1994 that 'I would like to think—in my heart of hearts—that I'm changing some psychosexual aspects of rock music. Not that I'm so desirable. I didn't do the kinder-whore thing because I thought I was so hot. When I see the look used to make one more appealing, it pisses me off. When I started, it was a What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? thing. My angle was irony.'The name 'Kinderwhore' was coined by melody maker journalist Everett True in an interview with Kurt Cobain and Courtney Love (1993). The term was mostly used by the media and less by the musicians themselves.  A often mentioned inspiration for the style are the musicians Kim Shattuck of the band The Muffs, Christine Amphlett of the band Divinyls or Katie Jane Garside of the band Daisy Chainsaw. The kinderwhore-fashion  became a source of inspiration for many designers such as Hedi Slimane, Batsheva Hay and even Marc Jacobs. In 2019, Batsheva Hay named Courtney Love's “kinderwhore aesthetic” as a big inspiration.  Hay said the look was "so of it's time, but also so ahead of it's time"..Kinderwhore fashion was designed to take the most "feminine" aspects of gender roles, inflating them to a cartoonish level, only to subvert it into the rawest, angriest, most badass way possible, where they were not afraid to get as aggressive and confident on stage as their counterparts in the mostly male dominated Grunge scene.  Some elements of Kinderwhore fashion include:peter pan collarsbabydoll dressesslip dressesmary jane shoescombat bootsplatform shoesripped tightsmessy makeupred lipstickmessy hairbleached blonde hairhair barrettesribbonssoft, pastel colors and materials paired with dark colorsblack accessorieslace dresses or dresses with lace accents and cute detailscardigansfaux fur coatsleather jacketskneesockslace socksripped tights.heelschokers, chains, etcKinderwhore clothing can most easily be found in charity or thrift shops, or DIY'ed. Kinderwhore is a stlye within grunge so the goal is to not look neat and tidy, damaged clothing is better to use for this specific look.The kinderwhore fashion has found a big resurgence in recent years due to social media sites like TikTok, Instagram and Pinterest, with creators like Lipst1ckteeth.Fairy grunge is a similar style where the wearer doesn't seem as interested in subverting gender norms, but instead just appreciates the aesthetic appeal of the contrast that Kinderwhore had set out to accomplish. Fairy grunge is used to make ones self look more appealing in the way that clashes with Kinderwhores philosophies, and therefore cannot be called Kinderwhore.Kinderwhore by Madeleine kinderwhore/riotgrrrl by hans and manna kinderwhore by mushroomcloud kinderwhore by dakota.Musically, Kinderwhore fit right alongside their male counterparts in the Grunge scene, taking the world by storm in the 1990s.  Some popular Kinderwhore bands and artists include:Babes in ToylandHoleL7Jack off Jill7 Year Bytch and BabesExcuse 17Fabulous DisasterGo Betty GoJill SobuleLunachicksThe DollyrotsThe MuffsMargaritas Podridas/Rotten DaisiesMelanie MartinezPlease note there aren´t really any selfproclaimed 'kinderwhore artists/musicians' since the term was made by the media to refer to it as a style of fashion!!!.