La Sape (also known as The Society of Ambianceurs and Elegant People) is a subculture centered on the cities of Kinshasa and Brazzaville in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Republic of Congo respectively. The name comes from the French slang word sape, which means "clothes" or "dressed up." La Sape aims to show elegance and style within fashion, similar to predecessors before. People who participate in the movement are called sapeurs. .La Sape fashion is diverse and experiments with a lot of styles. La Sape takes heavily from the Roaring Twenties culture of the 1920s, its origin decade, which correlates with a desire to be elegant and rich. Clothes are often obtained or sold secondhand from more first-world countries, notably France. Brands range from Weston, Kenzo, Giorgio Armani, Yves Saint Laurent, and more. Another important aspect of sapuer fashion is color combination. Clothes have to stand out, so sapuers mix, match and combine different parts of their outifts to obtain a unique look. Said clothes are expensive however, therefore sapeurs save up a lot of money to get these outfits. Sapeurs tend to own multiple outfits rather than a singular outfit.  In recent years, females have begun to adopt the style aswell. Sapeuses use the style to rebel against the status quo of being considered second-class citizens, where they dress the same as men.  .A big part of sapeur culture is the competition aspect. On a typically-weekly basis, typically on Saturdays and Sundays, sapeurs prepare their outfits to show off in local fashion shows. The winner is determined by whose outfit can stand out the most. Sapuers have to show up on the stage for about four times each competition. Brazzaville is where La Sape is most popular.. 	 	 	 			   	 	 		 		 			FESTIVAL DE LA SAPE 		 		 			A typical La Sape competition. 		 	 There is criticism when it comes to La Sape. Most of all, One of these criticisms is that sapuers end up using the money they earn for themselves, rather than saving for food, family and other resources. Sapuers spend money on material possessions and high-price clothing while women and children are left to care for themselves. People have compared the movement to the Hypebeast culture, which implies that both flaunt their expensive clothes, and surround their personality around. As a result, buying expensive clothes even becomes an addiction to many sapuers.Sapuers have begun to appear in more popular culture in recent years. One such example is All The Stars by Kendrick Lamar and SZA, which features La Sape citizens within the music video..VideosWhat is a SAPEUR? (Brazzaville, Congo)The Congo Dandies (RT Documentary)ArticlesMeet the fearless female drag kings of conservative AfricaOtherLa Sape tag on Tumblr.In progress.