Neo-Romanism is an aesthetic influenced by Bronzepunk, Sandalpunk, Neoclassicism, Futurism and Renaissance, among others. It is also the judicial system that governs many 21st century democracies. Neo-Romanism began to boom with the popularization of neo-pagan religions such as Hellenism and the Roman Way at the end of the 20th Century, which have influenced its "romantic" vision of those times. .Neo-Romanism has had many antecedents before it became what it was. Since the fall of the Roman Empire in 1453 many rulers have tried to rebuild or even consider themselves heirs of the Roman Empire. The most notorious example was Fascist Italy during World War II which unsuccessfully tried to rebuild a kind of Second Roman Empire. On an artistic level, movements such as the Renaissance and Neoclassicism..Its great difference with these two aesthetics consists mainly in how they present technology, looks, architecture and culture. Since Neo-Romanism is much more attached to the present or Science Fiction, with influences from Greek and Roman culture, than a retro-futuristic vision of how those societies would have advanced. .Neo-Romanism has not only extended to art or judicial systems. It has also acquired political overtones, with projects such as the Nova Roma organization: an international organization of admirers of the culture of Ancient Rome, claiming to be a nation of modern Romans with the administrative structure modeled on the institutions of the Roman Republic. Nova Roma explicitly states that they are not a micronation, but a civitas or res publica. Their organization, however, fits all the requirements to be classified as such.Another Neo-Roman micronation project that stands out (especially in the Spanish-speaking world) is the so-called Republic of Tiberia..The Neo-Romans call for a return to the classical values of ancient Rome and Greece, but without disregarding certain modern benefits. They simply consider that the excessive invidualism or collectivism of modern European societies of the 20th and 21st century has been more harmful than beneficial and is what has led these societies into a state of decadence. And to avoid a new Dark Age and for Humanity to prosper they must return to those values that once made them great. In this case, that of one of the most influential cultures, Ancient Rome..Among the activities of Neo-Romanism, the following stand out: Admire important figures of the Ancient Ages and want to be like them.Read literature from the Ancient Ages.Recreation of activities carried out by ancient Romans, Greeks, Minoans, etc...Participate in political or cultural projects, such as Nova Roma.Being a follower or participant of neo-pagan religions of Greek or Roman origin.Learn dead languages such as Latin or classical Greek.Learning PhilosophyLearn Roman LawArchive things of interest to you (using the Internet Archive, especially) for future preservation. Since all culture is valuable and influences in one way or another, in the improvement/perfection of that "hypothetical" Neo-Roman world.Digital sculpting ( using a notorious classicism influence)Walking through museums and galleries.Various artistic activities.Doing sport and staying healthy. Using the ancient Greek sportsmen as a reference.Playing modernised versions of Ancient Age sports.Rapping over Ancient Hip-Hop beats ( Like a modernized version of the poetry recitals of ancient Rome and Greece ).The Neo-Romanism aesthetic has its own music, which is a sub-genre of Bardcore, known as Ancient Bardcore. It recreates contemporary music in the style of the Ancient Ages.Smells Like Teen Spirit - Nirvana ( Classical Latin cover )Demons - Imagine Dragons ( Ancient Greek Bardcore/Bronzecore )"Anax" ( Zombie - Cranberries Ancient Greek Bardcore/Bronzecore )Also, Low Bap, a sub-genre of Hip-Hop that emerged in Greece, Greek Lo - Fi Hip - Hop and Ancient Hip - Hop  could be considered part of this aesthetic. .Neo-Romanism also reached the world of fashion. With companies such as Dolce Gabanna creating clothing collections inspired by the fashion of Byzantium (Eastern Roman Empire)..On an artistic level, as is obvious beyond his influences of the Renaissance, Neoclassicism and the classic world. On the Internet, the Neo-Roman art looks quite influenced by Vaporwave (particularly because of its use of works belonging to the  Renaissance) and Hustlewave using the aesthetics of the first and the positivism of the second in order to encourage a return to the values and culture of Ancient Greece and Rome. In that aspect, it may also be reminiscent of how Fashwave and Sovietwave is used as propaganda..B. D. FoxmoorLegends of the AncientsRafael Grasettithe_miracle_alignerLa Bruja MuertaSadahzinia.Neo-Romanism has also reached the world of sports. With companies like the startup Unified Weapons Master wanting to "resurrect" gladiator fights, but in an modernized way. .Although it does not have a defined ideology, the Pan - Latinism ideology is considered part of the aesthetics and the movement, as it has influenced many of its members.Like the anarcho-frontierism and their aesthetics known as Space Cowboy.They support the idea of transhumanism, but with certain limits..Warhammer 40k (franchise)Roma Eterna (book)Fallout: New Vegas (videogame) (Legion ending)Fallout: Lanius (live action fan film)Cyberpunk V3.0 (pen and paper RPG) (gangs like the Daughters of Hecate, Hippolyte and the Spartans)Nova Roma 2011 (short movie)Roma Nova (books)Roman Justice SPQR: Too Roman To Handle (book)Dune (franchise)Stellaris (videogame)Mythical Galaxy (webcomic)Coriolanus (2011 film, adaptation of Shakespeare play of the same name )Assasins Creed ( franchise ) ( Some parts of Isu technology and culture )Eclipse Phase  (pen and paper RPG)Telefrag VR (videogame)Well I Never Knew That! Did Romans Design the Space Shuttle?: The Roman Empire - Fascinating Facts and Everyday Phrases Explained  (book)Foundation ( 2021  Apple TV show adaption of the books of the same name ).There is a trope which influenced this aesthetic, Space Romans.The Neo-Romans have no problem with Christianity and other more recent religions. As a matter of fact, in Nova Roma there is freedom of worship, but it is true that many within this organisation/micronation have a certain repudiation of monotheistic religions, as they consider that in part, these caused the fall of empires such as the Roman Empire (both in its western and eastern part). Yet, they also consider Byzantium as part of their legacy and have been influenced (albeit to a lesser degree) by it.Only some parts of Assasins Creed's Isu culture and technology could be considered part of this aesthetic, as the Isu are also influenced by Bronzepunk and Sandalpunk...Company wants to ressurect gladiators - with a modern twistNova Roma websiteRepublic of Tiberia websiteTelefrag VR Announced for PSVR, Set in a Futuristic Roman Empire With Guns