The inclusion of otherkin on the Wiki serves to document the connection that this group has with aesthetic communities, and to explain terminology.Otherkin is a subculture (not an aesthetic)  a personal identity in which people identify as something typically nonhuman. There are notably some sub-communities, including but not limited to therianthropy, fictionkin, and factkin. These groups, as well as other terms, are included in the glossary at the bottom.The otherkin community has notably contributed to aesthetic communities, especially on sites like Tumblr and Pinterest (though they can be found nearly anywhere). These contributions often include moodboards based on kintypes. Not all 'kin engage with aesthetic communities and their own identities in this way, but some do.Otherkin has been taken out of context by some, using it to describe things they simply relate to, or for roleplay purposes. While neither of these things are bad on their own, the misuse of otherkin terms has harmed the community through misunderstandings, and the devaluing of spiritual/psychological 'kin's experiences.There is an important distinction to be made between spiritual/psych. 'kin and "kin for fun"/otherlinkers. The primary difference is:Spiritual/psychological kin is involuntary, and often involves more than just acting like a kintype.Otherlinking is voluntary, and usually doesn't involve more than purposefully taking on an identity for recreation.This means kins-for-fun are unable to understand important aspects of spiritual/psych. 'kin's identities and experiences.This is not to say that spiritual/psych. 'kin can't have fun with their identities, nor that people shouldn't voluntarily take on an identity for any reason, though it's good to be aware of this distinction and the possible spread of misinformation.There are a few different ways in which 'kin/related identities can develop. This can be through imprinting, a result of neurodivergence, as a method of coping, or in relation to spiritual beliefs. Many people recall experiences relating to their 'kin identity from childhood that were unrealized until later. Others may develop it over time without notice. Otherkin is a phenomenon that can deeply affect people's daily lives: through kinshifts, memories, and even possibly trauma, which is believed to be carried over from past lives. It is important to remember the impact it has on people, regardless of what you believe..It is also important to recognize the fact that trolls were how the term ‘factkin’ (identifying as a different real person) was originated, and the majority of otherkin individuals do not wish to be associated with them..https://seriousotherkin.tumblr.com/post/145201890476/whats-factkin-i-saw-a-blog-saying-theyrehttps://otherkin.fandom.com/wiki/Factkin