Pop art is an art movement that emerged in the United Kingdom and the United States. The movement presented a challenge to traditions of fine art by including imagery from popular and mass culture, such as advertising, comic books and mundane cultural objects.Pop art is known for portraying simple household items and cultural idols in bright and eye catching colors. Common aspects of pop art include: saturated colors, bold outlines, boldness and dotted painting.Pop art is meant to be fun, lighthearted and even childlike. It is a reactionary movement to the more serious Abstract Expressionist art of the time period. Pop art is meant to challenge the idea of what art should be. Young artists felt like the things they were being taught and the tings they saw in art museums had nothing to do with their everyday lives -  so pop art reflects the lives of these artist by featuring basic items, such as Campbell's Soup Cans. Pop art had the ability to connect fine art to the masses.Today, Pop-art gives commentary on current world events and consumerist culture. Hence, he name "Pop" art - Popular art. Pop Art seemed to fizzle out around the early 1970s, and some believe Pop Art "died" when Andy Warhol was shot.Some key figures in pop art were Richard Hamilton, Andy Warhol and Roy Liechtenstein. Women are often excluded from the narrative of pop art, however they did play a big part in it's development. Notable female pop artists include: Rosalyn Drexler, Marisol and Evelyne Axell..Pop art visuals are bright and colorful, putting emphasis upon the theme of pop art being fun in order to oppose Abstract Expressionist Art. Pop art utilized images and icons from popular media and products. This included commercial items like soup cans, road signs, photos of celebrities, newspapers, and other items popular in the commercial world. Even brand names and logos were incorporated.Pop art is characterized by vibrant, bright colors. Primary colors red, yellow, and blue were prominent pigments that appeared in many famous works, particularly in Roy Lichtenstein’s body of work.Humor was one of the main components of Pop art. Artists use the subject matter to make a statement about current events, poke fun at fads, and challenge the status quo..Pop art did not start as a fashion movement, however that does not mean that pop art themed fashion does not exist. A notable piece of pop art fashion is The Souper Dress, by Campbell Soup, inspired by Andy Warhol's art. A pop art themed outfit would aim o include key motifs of pop art: saturated colors, imagery of every day objects or celebrities, bold lines and even polka dot patterns. Pop art themed clothes are still produced today, and can often be found on sites such as Etsy and Redbubble..