Rivethead refers to people that are fans or performers of industrial music, which is influenced by electro-industrial, electronic body music, and industrial rock music. Industrial music was started by the band Throbbing Gristle, which ended up forming a genre that is noisy and abrasive, combining rock and electronica..The rivethead scene is remotely related but not directly connected to the industrial music culture. Industrial music is a genre of experimental and avant-garde music, intertwined with graphical visualization (mostly with disturbing graphical content). The absence of conventional song structures, such as rhythm and melody, is a main characteristic of the genre, whereas the music preferred by the rivethead scene includes several danceable and song-oriented styles that are sometimes considered "post-industrial". Like post-punk, the term post-industrial describes a musical genre that developed distinctly from its roots and turned into several strands of sound, namely electro-industrial, electronic body music, and industrial rock, often referred to as industrial dance music. Those styles differ from traditional industrial music regarding aesthetics, sound, and production techniques.Below are some Industrial genres:Industrial is the original genre formed by Throbbing Gristle. Industrial takes a lot of inspiration from noise genres, with rather unconventional methods such as recording with raw materials, white noise and heavy synthesizer use.Industrial Rock Includes Skinny Puppy, Nine Inch Nails, ChemlabIndustrial Metal is the combination of Industrial with Metal. As such, Industrial Metal is the most loud and aggressive of the subgenres. Industrial Metal saw huge success in the 90s and early 2000s, with acts such as Marylin Manson, Powerman 5000, White/Rob Zombie and more.Neue Deutsche Harte is described as an offshoot of Industrial Metal, combining it with other forms of metal such as alternative metal or groove metal. NDH formed in countries such as Germany and Austria, hence the German-name, which translates to "new German hardness". NDH's most prominent feature is the accentuation of certain words or notes- which gives a song an unorganized but punchy sound- and mostly deep, growling male vocals. The most well known NDH bands are Rammstein and KMFDM.Electro-Industrial/Aggrotech with aggro being slightly more modern, when aggressive industrial rhythms meets techno, very dancey and sometimes crosses over with Neue Deutsche HarteEBM Kind of like EDM but extra textured sound, usually very sensualRhythmic Noise/Powernoise A huge risk for getting tinnitus.ChemlabKMFDMMarilyn MansonMinistryNine Inch NailsPowerman 5000RammsteinSkinny PuppyFront 242.Rivethead fashion is heavily inspired by Military fashion..Tops: Black, grey, or olive tank tops, plain t-shirts, band shirts, sleeveless shirts (sometimes with the sleeves ripped off), tie-dye crinkle or burst pattern shirts; black leather jackets (frequently painted with band logos), and MA-1 flight jackets.Pants: Cargo and BDU paratrooper pants, ripped jeans, vintage shorts, often but not always black or Woodland camouflage; usually tucked into boots, rolled at the bottom, cuffs or worn as cut-off shorts. Black leather pants and bondage pants are sometimes worn.Footwear: Combat boots, steel-toe boots, or low shoes, such as Dr. Martens, Gripfasts, Grinders, and Underground shoes.Hair: Partially shaved (undercut), flattop, Mohawk, or completely shaved. Sometimes long hair in combination with undercut or dreadlocks.Accessories: Teashades and Ray-Ban Aviator sunglasses. Battle Dress Uniform-style or military belts; bracelets and dog tags; fingerless leather gloves; sometimes jewelry that incorporates industrial elements such as nails, screws, and cogs. Suspenders, or "braces", normally worn hanging off trousers or shorts.Body modification: Primarily piercings and tattoos..Rivetgirls may dress along with the femme fatale look: sexuality as power. Kim X, the co-founder of California-based music label COP International, compared the female rivethead attitude to the Riot grrrl movement.Tops: Fetish wear, such as black PVC and leather corsages. May also wear military wear such as tank tops.Pants: Miniskirts, fishnet stockings. May also wear paratrooper pants.Footwear: Ankle-deep or knee-high stiletto heel boots, Dr. Martens low boots. May also wear combat boots.Hair: Often dyed hair (black, sometimes red or blonde) that is long, short, spiked, partially shaved (see Maria Azevedo of Battery and Yone Dudas of Decoded Feedback) or dreadlocked (see Anna Christine of Luxt).Accessories: Body modification: Mild usage of makeup, piercings..Rivethead..https://www.wikihow.com/Dress-Like-a-Rivetheadhttps://www.reddit.com/r/goth/comments/54hujx/do_you_guys_consider_cybergothrivethead_culture/https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Industrial_music↑ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rivethead