Trendercore is an aesthetic created by uwumars on Tumblr, dedicated to transgender and non-binary self-love. The aesthetic centers around self-love, self-acceptance, bright colors, and social justice. There is an emphasis on embracing physical traits in transgender individuals that transmedicalists often highlight as indicative of a "transtrender," a derogatory term for a person who pretends to be transgender. However, not every transgender or nonbinary person will have debilitating gender dysphoria that constantly wrecks havoc on their lives. Some trans people love their bodies in every shape and form but would feel comfortable with another gender than their assigned one at birth. .The term "transtrender" (sometimes shortened to "trender") was coined by a cisgender woman who nicknamed "Dirt". She was popular for a blog she owned in 2011 made to share transition progress photos of transgender men and mock them for not appearing as cisgender men, as well as sometimes doxing them. Now, trans trender (or sometimes shortened to trender) can be reclaimed as a way to celebrate and accept the femininity some trans men want to express..A divide in the transgender community has existed for quite a while on whether or not to portray being transgender as an illness, how to define gender dysphoria and whether or not it is needed to be trans, and what defines sex and gender. Despite common belief, the intercommunity argument based less on "feelings vs fact" and more on "some trans studies vs some other trans studies". Within the trendercore community here are some stances they hold on:.Dysphoria is a type of gender incongruence (disconnect from one's gender assigned at birth) that causes distress or discomfort and lowers one's quality of mental health. Gender dysphoria itself is a disorder that prominent in many transgender experiences, though it is not the only type of incongruence.Euphoria and neutral incongruence (and mayhaps more types that could be discovered in the future) are possible types of gender incongruence not included as a diagnosis because although dysphoria is an illness, being transgender in itself is not.Simply speaking, the trans experience is in general very diverse and trendercore celebrates said experiences, including those who do not experience gender dysphoria. .A common mark of transgender being a mental illness is the 2011 study involving 74 participants having their brain scans to show the activity in one's brain. According to the study, trans men were shown to have the same type of brains as cis men while trans women were shown to have the same type of brain as cis women. However, the study had been criticized not only for the small sample size and dishonest criteria for "male brain" and "female brain" (leaving out both nonbinary and intersex individuals) but for the 2015 study with a 1400 participant sample size proving the opposite. Both studies discussed here."News reports and information-based websites such as Wikipedia, WedMD and HowStuffWorks.com contain an alarming amount of pseudoscience. It is commonly asserted, for example, that women listen with both sides of the brain, whereas men use only the left side and that women use white matter to think, whereas men use grey. Women allegedly have 10 times as much white matter as do men, whereas men have 6.5 times as much grey matter as do women. Whereas women navigate using cerebral cortex, men use ‘an entirely different area’ that is ‘not activated in women's brains’. Such assertions, although inaccurate, are easy to find on the Internet and in the popular press. Internet and in the popular press."― Donna L. ManeyPut simple, trendercore acknowledges that sex effects the brain but not enough to categorize them into two compact groups and to use brain sex as "proof that being trans is an illness" has been disregarded. ...Let's Explore "Trendercore"! - Ashton Daniel | YouTubeMoving One Step Closer to Better Health and Rights for Transgender People | WHO