Warning: This article is only addressing the aesthetic that surrounds the Italian Mafia; this article is, in no way, glorifying the actions of the Italian Mafia, past or present. It is merely here for documentation purposes only, as this article focuses on the modern day interpretation that skews from the original imagery of the Mafia.The Italian Mafia aesthetic is based off of the Italian organized crime families that became prevalent in the 19th century. The word 'mafia' in Italian loosely translates to "swagger" or "boldness". Also called the Sicilian Mafia, or just the Mafia, the Italian Mafia was famous for its high class fashion and lifestyle, often indulging in expensive homes and imported goods. This aspect of the criminal organization has been idolized and fetishized over time by everyday people. The Mafia was most notably and infamously known for its use of violence and organized crime to obtain money and notoriety. They have also been known for heavy drug and alcohol use, often partaking in drug trafficking. Crime cases that involved Mafia members were of high popularity at the time of occurrence, making the members and bosses notable historical figures. Other Mafia families have popped up in places across the world, including the USA. Current day adoption of the Italian Mafia aesthetic focuses on the expensive look and risk of danger. This topic is written into many fictional novels and fanfictions where authors and readers may use it as an escape into a more exciting life. A common name/term for the subject is "mafia princess" in which the main character is swooped away into or is involved in the Mafia and treated like royalty. However, this aesthetic is not to be used outside of fiction due to  many factors including drug use and violence, as the fictional writings are not accurate to the real life handlings and lifestyles of the criminal organization. Adoption of this aesthetic may also be insensitive to Italian heritage and culture, as the prejudice and racism against Italians in American history makes this practice strongly ill-advised and poor taste. Similar fashion inspiration can be taken from the Boujee aesthetic as a replacement. For posterity reasons, the elements of the aesthetic will be listed below. 