Lolita (ロリータ) is a Japanese fashion inspired by Victorian-era clothing and styles from the rococo period. It grew from young women's desire to dress for themselves in a way that disregarded men's opinions. The style is characterized by a distinctive silhouette, achieved from wearing petticoats underneath dresses or skirts with a specific cut.A full Lolita outfit is called a "coord" or coordinate. Every outfit will include a dress or skirt to achieve the proper lolita silhouette. Dresses are made with very full skirts to accommodate a petticoat. Lolita dresses are categorized as either JSKs or OPs. JSKs, or jumperskirts, are sleeveless dresses normally worn over a blouse, and OPs, or one-pieces, are worn without a blouse.The tops worn with JSKs or skirts are either blouses or cutsews, tops made of jersey fabric. If the sleeves don't reach the wrists, it's customary to wear wrist cuffs or bracelets. Shoes known as "tea party shoes" are the most popular option for footwear, but Mary Janes, boots, low heels, and Rocking Horse Shoes are worn just as often. Socks or tights keep the outfit balanced from head to toe. Lolitas wear many different styles of headdress and hairstyles to balance out their skirts. Many other accessories can be worn with the fashion- other items include bloomers, wigs, jewelry, gloves, coats, capes, parasols, or bags.It is unknown where the fashion gets its name. Many Lolitas suspect that a writer decided the Spanish name Lolita complemented the feminine and whimsical fashion and it just caught on. It, unfortunately, shares the name with a controversial book by Vladimir Nabokov about a young girl who is preyed on by an older man. The book and fashion are unrelated (for more information on that aesthetic, feel free to look at the Nymphet page).The fashion has its roots in the 70s and 80s with Otome fashion and Natural-kei. Lolita as we know it came about in the 1990s, where it was photographed on the streets of Harajuku and featured in magazines like Fruits, Kera, and eventually Gothic & Lolita Bible. Lolita was worn by members of Visual Kei bands in their performances, notably Mana of Malice Mizer, who created the first Gothic Lolita brand, Moi-même-Moitié, in 1999. Due to the growing popularity of Visual Kei and widespread publication of street fashion magazines, Lolita was introduced to the world outside of Japan.For more information on Lolita, feel free to visit the Lolita Fashion Wiki.