Trillwave is a very important internet aesthetic revolving around both music, clothing, and visual art. Before getting into the history; a brief overview of Trillwave can be defined as "wavy trap beats/rapping, with vaporwave-esque digital art, with a more gun, drugs ,hype-branding, overall hip-hop influence on subjects of the photo and music."The word "trill" has been around since the early 2000s. The word itself is a combination of the words "true" and "real". The word has the meaning of "Genuine and authentic"... often to describe art or a trait in someone.The word "trill" also has different uses in linguistics and music. Visually, "trill" art has been around since the 1990s with Memphis rappers such as Lord Infamous, Gangsta Boo,and Graveyard Production. However, back in the 90s; this aesthetic of cover art was called "Horrorcore" (which is still very popular in present day). Horrorcore is the stepping-stone for Trillwave in terms of both visually and rap flow.There has been debates on the true origin of Trillwave and the "father" of the online movement, but the "wavy flow with ethereal samples" signature sound started in 2006 with Viper's earlier albums.. later on, Lil B birthed "Cloud rap" (Which is what he called it.) in 2009. Sometime in the early 2010s, "Trillwave" was formed from Cloud Rap. Trillwave was more of a homage to 90s Memphis rappers but combining new-school mixing and production (Ex. wavy beats with Memphis flow). Cloud Rap was more of a wide-open genre, with many styles and ways to produce that signature "cloud" sound.Raider Klan is the most well-known "trill" collective. Housing members such as SpaceGhostPurrp, Denzel Curry, Xavier Wulf, Chris Travis, Mike Dece, Ruben Slikk, Eddy Baker, amongst many others. Raider Klan is considered the founding fathers of Trillwave and Phonk music. Although Lil B brought inspiration to many, Raider Klan is by far the most inflencial in terms of rap flow, beats, sound design, and aesthetics.. paying direct homage to 90s Horrorcore. Later on, Vaporwave would boom in popularity due to Trillwave evolving, and both Trillwave and Vaporwave would bounce off of each-other with visual art, Vaporwave taking elements from Trillwave, and Trillwave taking elements from Vaporwave.. This is how the whole "gold uzi, Fiji water, codeine & drugs" aesthetic came to be. This shift in visual trends in the early 2010s would be crucial for the rest of Trillwave...In 2013; Yung Lean's "Ginseng Strip 2002" exploded the popularity of Trillwave and Cloud Rap.. and changed the internet forever. At this time, bucket hats, Nike, Adidas, FIJI Water, and 90s CGI scenes were the craze. To go along with this, Yung Gud, Suicideyear, Yung Sherman, and Whitearmor also changed the way people made Trillwave beats, smoother triplet patterns with heavier hitting drums.. all layering on top of a smooth, ethereal sample obtained from deep on the internet. This movement is still rippled with a lot of Hip-Hop music we hear today.Many people assume Yung Lean to be the father of Cloud Rap, which is simply inaccurate due to the paragraphs above, which explained the origin and fathers. Yung Lean is however, a pioneer and legendary figure in the underground. You will not find a single person in the Cloud Rap & Trillwave community who does not know Yung Lean.In the end, Trillwave was birthed from thing to thing to thing and it is hard to track down the true pinpoint origin of it. The above paragraphs should be all you need to know in terms of who started what.